hi girls lamiere pd today will be sui
lipsticks and the highlights of the
levy chic pupa collection you asked
to make a fair review of the
collection for them I make these two the
next video I'll make you two more
because I haven't finished arousing good cars
so meanwhile I talk about these in
primis the lipsticks of lipstick children are
three
these are the three colors and they are all 3
super opaque lipsticks the price of
these lipsticks of them there is euro and 90 li
I try on his lips and then we talk about it
repeat as you see on propagated almost one
bit floury
I must say the truth is not homogeneous to the
one hundred percent is always a little more
transparent know a little more from the side
intense on the other this however is the
color 001 I'll show you too
after an hour how to say nothing because
I made a video this day another
girl what happens if you really do
the lips between them but leave around
you don't have the mirror in the meantime
talk do something press your lips
you find yourself like this
this instead the number 0 to 0 2 a lot of
let us apply it much more evenly
however, compared to the number 001 too
it's beautiful at the beginning I like it
very much, however, after a while after type
twenty minutes half an hour the start becomes
so dry that if I near the thousand
track of them practically comes off the
color now all of everything
how much stains
if you have the effect with the redest one
after eating a yogurt this
finally the third black color of the iii a
the one more red understood than dark gods
three
this is also easier as a second one
apply more homogeneous perhaps than the three is
the most homogeneous of all even
here, however, the same problem is very dry
as a product and it's good to see gods
Opaque lipsticks are beautiful according to
me but these are really too much
opaque too dry after already twenty
half an hour minutes on the lips
and they really begin to become
small shoals
but in green site if you had to say in
order of approval certainly 3 0
3 this is the best as anyway
effect then followed by 0 2 and last
the 0 1 just because anyway fighter is
the less homogeneous and drier one
antisense relatives all three are a lot
dried girls news
so for this product it is roll of
4 half drums by four and a half
because I didn't like a girl
that is, after a bad look a little too
because in any case being so 6 later
very little start 6 eat or if
talk if you close their lips
then pieces start to come off
just a bad effect anyway
let 's talk about the eyeliner in yesterday
instead there are two we find a blue one
electric and one a light lilac the
price of these of 14 euros I make you
see on the hand have the applicator
that a little difficult because you see that
with long long long thin thin
thin little tiny little one
so it takes precision of course
much easier to put this than not
a black eyeliner then those on that
we are lucky this is my bed e
this is electric blue
this is blue color let's say it is
80% homogeneous if not
took without product becomes a bit
koso is noted a little in the final part
this girl instead is lilac-colored
as you can see, they seem very constant here
different there is one much darker than the other
very clear on the eyes there is not this
big difference is surely this is
much more original as for color and for
what concerns me is more homogeneous
than this electric blue
32 my absolute favorite because
I find that if more original and I like it
very much is a beautiful lilac color
which however does not result in that color
pastel that maybe there is stove because ne
we saw too much around is a nice one
color with its own character and last a
long because even if you put us
water then wet
they stay there obviously they come away
but the makeup remover is not so perfect
because in any case waterproof and long
holding girls my vote then for
this product is drum roll 9
lido 9 because I like them a lot
the electric blue one a little less because
a little less homogeneous but the lilac one is
fantastic great product
hello beauties